docs: dev notes about prio labels (#1603)
kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api: site-src/contributing/devguide.md

Issues labeled `good first issue` and `help wanted` are especially good for a
first contribution.

We use [milestones][gh-milestones] to track our progress towards releases.
These milestones are generally labeled according to the [semver][semver]
release version tag that they represent, meaning that in general we only focus
on the next release in the sequence until it is closed and the release is
finished. Only Gateway API maintainers are able to create and attach issues to
milestones.

We use [priority labels][prio-labels] to help indicate the timing importance of
resolving an issue, or whether an issue needs more support from its creator or

> the community to be prioritized. These labels can be set with the [/label
> command in PR and issue comments][issue-cmds].

Reviewer: Although what you have is correct, I think it's slightly easier to use the `/priority` command.
```suggestion
the community to be prioritized. These labels can be set with the [/priority
command in PR and issue comments][issue-cmds]. For example, `/priority important-soon`.
```

Author: sg, changed in 65ad53cf92cb8cea74f6d2c65b29238469c136b9
